added meta html values (#3213)
plone/volto: docs/source/recipes/ie11compat.md

---
html_meta:

>   "description": "Legacy Browser Support (IE11 compatibility): Polyfills, babel-env, Pre-transpiling"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  "description": "Legacy browser support with polyfills, babel-env, and pre- and post-transpiling"
```

>   "property=og:description": "Legacy Browser Support (IE11 compatibility): Polyfills, babel-env, Pre-transpiling"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  "property=og:description": "Legacy browser support with polyfills, babel-env, and pre- and post-transpiling"
```

>   "property=og:title": "Legacy Browser Support"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  "property=og:title": "Legacy Browser Support (IE11 compatibility)"
```

>   "keywords": "Volto, Plone, frontend, React, legacy browser support"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  "keywords": "Volto, Plone, frontend, React, legacy browser support, IE11 compatability, polyfills"
```
